hi guys I'm Laura Vitale a miscible sort
of Laura in the kitchen I'm going to
show you how to make the perfect mashed
potatoes they're going to be perfectly
cooked with the most luscious
combination of heavy milk heavy cream
milk butter put together to make the
perfect mashed potato super simple and
easy to do so let's go ahead and get
started
now before we get started of course we
got to go over the ingredients so let's
do it you're going to need some Yukon
Gold potatoes some whole milk heavy
cream unsalted butter salt and pepper
that's it
simple and easy but perfect every single
time so first thing you want to do is
get a big pot and fill it with water and
put a nice gentle sprinkling of salt in
there now second thing would don't turn
it on because to make the perfect mashed
potatoes you got to start with cold
water because when they when the when
the cold water goes to boiling point
that way the potato gets cook really
fully all the way through evenly if you
put the potatoes in boiling water the
very outside of the potato starts to get
cooked right away while the inside
hasn't had a chance to cook yet so that
makes it uneven and not very good now
I'm using a potato ricer to get these
nice and fluffy which means I don't need
to peel them because a potato ricer
catches the skin so that's another
reason why I love the potato ricer but
if you want to use this a regular masher
then I will suggest you peel them first
and all I'm doing is just quartering the
really big ones and having the little
ones and then I'm just going to put
these into the boiling water or actually
into the water bring it up to a boil and
let it cook for about a half-hour or so
or until the potatoes are tender now if
you haven't seen this yet this is a
potato ricer this will make your life a
whole lot easier when you're making
mashed potatoes if you have one of these
because as I'll demonstrate you can put
your potatoes peeled on everything in
here I'll just put a couple pieces in
there so you can see then you can just
pass it through there's no peel in there
right it's all up here see that that's
going to make your life a whole lot
easier if I can get a hold of it and get
it off so I'm just going to continue
passing them all through I my potatoes
all pureed in this bowl now in this
little pan all I did was I put the heavy
cream the whole milk and the butter and
I just let it warm up you don't want to
let it come to a boil don't want to do
that you just want everything to kind of
warm up and the butter to melt and
that's it now the consistency of this is
completely up to you some people like
them really thick and chunky some people
like them super creamy and loose I like
it somewhere in between
I guess but you know it's like I said
it's totally optional so I'm just gonna
work this in little by little you don't
want to start with too much because then
it's going to be difficult to take it
out if you've overdone it I'm going to
just season it you want to season it
well my mother is what my mother would
have a heart attack right now because
I'm using black pepper she uses white
pepper but she's not here so I do what I
want
season it well with salt because
potatoes are just very very bland and
they don't taste like anything unless
you salt them touch more cream and then
this consistency is perfect for me so
I'm going to stop but again you can
control however you like it now I'm just
going to put in a bowl and we're pretty
much done now with Thanksgiving run
around the corner you know everyone's
going to have mashed potatoes and I know
quite a few people we're going to make
them right out of the box and I think
that that is tragedy because you can
make it from scratch you can make it
super easy it's not expensive and it's
so like how long did it take I mean you
really didn't do much besides put them
in a pan let it come up to a boil they
cooked you finish them off done that's
it hope you've enjoyed spending time
with me to get this recipe and others
good Debbie Debbie Debbie kitchen comm
that's the next time bye bye
you